Adding docs for dapr init changes (#2295)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/environment/_index.md

| DAPR_METRICS_PORT    | Your application | The HTTP [Prometheus]({{< ref prometheus >}}) port that Dapr sends its metrics information to. Your application can use this variable to send its application specific metrics to have both Dapr metrics and application metrics together. See [metrics-port]({{< ref arguments-annotations-overview>}}) for more information |
| DAPR_API_TOKEN       | Dapr sidecar     | The token used for Dapr API authentication for requests from the application. Read [enable API token authentication in Dapr]({{< ref api-token >}}) for more information.                                                                                                                                                      |
| NAMESPACE            | Dapr sidecar     | Used to specify a component's [namespace in self-hosted mode]({{< ref component-scopes >}})|

> | DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY            | Dapr CLI | In standalone mode, it is used to specify the default container registry to pull images from. When its value is set to `GHCR` or `ghcr` it pulls the required images from Github container registry. To default to Docker hub as default, just unset this env variable.| 

Reviewer: It really is self hosted mode, not standalone mode!!

```suggestion
| DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY            | Dapr CLI | In self hosted mode, it is used to specify the default container registry to pull images from. When its value is set to `GHCR` or `ghcr` it pulls the required images from Github container registry. To default to Docker hub as default, just unset this env variable.| 
```

Reviewer: Looking good. Added some more suggestions.
